Chicken pasanda

Description
This could be described as a "Royal" dish. It is spicy, but not hot, rich and creamy. The addition of the nuts makes it rather special.

Ingredients 
3 tablespoons vegetable oil or ghee (clarified butter)
1 small onion - finely chopped
1.5 inch piece cassia bark (or cinnamon)
2 green cardamon pods
1 inch piece fresh ginger - very finely chopped
2 cloves garlic - very finely chopped
1 teaspoon turmeric powder
1 teaspoon ground coriander seed
half teaspoon good chilli powder
5 tablespoons Greek-style full cream yoghurt (3/4 of a 150 gm tub)
1 teaspoon (or a little more) concentrated tomato purée
salt to taste
2 chicken breasts, skinned and cut into 1 inch pieces
2 tablespoons flaked almonds prepared as in Method
chopped fresh coriander leaf (cilantro) to garnish

Method
Heat the oil in a large heavy pan then add the chopped onion and stir for a few minutes with the heat on high. Add the cassia bark and cardamons, stir a little then turn the heat down to low and cook for 10 minutes. Add the ginger and garlic, stir and cook for another 10 minutes on low heat stirring now and again to make sure nothing browns or burns. Add the turmeric, coriander and chilli powder and fry gently for a minute. Add 1 tablespoon of yoghurt, stir round and turn the heat up so the yoghurt sizzles in the oil (don't worry, it won't split if you've used full cream yoghurt). When the yoghurt has lost a lot of it's moisture add another tablespoon. Stir and fry as before. Repeat until all the yoghurt is incorporated (the last tablespoons won't sizzle but it doesn't matter). Add the tomato purée and stir in. The colour of the dish should now be similar to the background colour of the index page - a rich orangy yellow with red flecks if you've turned the graphics off. Stir in lots of hot water - enough to make the mixture very fluid. Bring to the boil and simmer, stirring occasionally for 20 minutes. Add salt to taste. While the sauce is cooking, heat a frying pan at low to moderate then add the flaked almonds. Move the almonds around the pan so they don't burn and heat until they have just taken on a brown colour. Remove from pan and set aside to cool. When cool, crush them up with your fingers into smallish pieces. Heat a little oil in a large heavy frying pan and stir-fry the chicken pieces over a moderate heat until they are sealed and have turned white. Add the chicken and almonds to the sauce and simmer gently for another 20-30 minutes or until the chicken is cooked. Stir from time to time. If the sauce gets too dry add a little hot water. At the end of the cooking you should have a fairly thick, creamy sauce with little patches of oil appearing at the top. Remove the cassia and cardamons (if you can find them!). Serve, garnished with chopped fresh coriander leaf (cilantro)

Taken from http://curryhouse.co.uk